[April CQA] CQA fixes for the UI title (terminology, UI formatting, style cleanup) (#361)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-ui/proc_adding-applications.adoc

. Click *Source Code* and enter the following fields:
* *Repository type*: *Git* or *Subversion*.
* *Source repository*: A URL of the repository where the software code is saved.

> ** For *Subversion*: this must be either the URL to the root of the repository or a fully qualified URL which (optionally) includes the branch and nested directory. When fully qualified, the *Branch* and *Root path* must be blank.

Author: ```suggestion
** *Subversion*: The URL to the root of the repository or a fully qualified URL which optionally includes the branch and nested directory. When fully qualified, the *Branch* and *Root path* must be blank.
```

* *Branch*: An application code branch in the repository (optional).

> ** For Git: this might be any reference; `commit-hash`, `branch` or `tag`.

Author: ```suggestion
** *Git*: Any reference, for example, `commit-hash`, `branch`, or `tag`.
```

> ** For *Subversion*: this might be a fully qualified path to a branch or tag, for example, `branches/stable` or `tags/stable`. This must be blank when the Source repository URL includes the branch.

Author: ```suggestion
** *Subversion*: A fully qualified path to a branch or tag, for example, `branches/stable` or `tags/stable`. This must be blank when the *Source repository* URL includes the branch.
```

* *Root path*: A root path inside the repository for the target application (optional).

> ** For *Subversion*: this must be blank when the Source Repository URL includes the root path.

Author: ```suggestion
** *Subversion*: The field must be blank when the *Source repository* URL includes the root path.
```

+

> NOTE: If you enter any value in either the Branch or Root path fields, the Source repository field becomes mandatory.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you enter any value in either the *Branch* or *Root path* fields, the *Source repository* field becomes mandatory.
```
